Kamala Harris Presidential  
https://kamalaharris.com
Donald Trump Presidential  
https://www.donaldjtrump.com
Ruben Gallego AR Senate  
http://gallegoforarizona.com/
Kari Lake AR Senate  
https://karilake.com 
Elissa Slotkin MI Senate  
https://elissaslotkin.org 
Mike Rogers MI Senate 
https://rogersforsenate.com
Jacky Rosen NV Senate
https://www.rosen.senate.gov
Sam Brown NV Senate
https://www.captainsambrown.com
Dave McCormick PA Senate
https://www.davemccormickpa.com
Bob Casey PA Senate
https://bobcasey.com
Tammy Baldwin WI Senate
https://www.tammybaldwin.com
Marsha Blackburn TN Senate
https://www.marshablackburn.com
Gloria Johnson TN Senate
https://www.votegloriajohnson.com
Rick Scott FL Senate
https://rickscott.com
Debbie Mucarsel-Powell FL Senate
https://www.debbieforflorida.com
Steven Cohen TN House
http://cohenforcongress.com
Charlotte Bergmann TN House
https://electbergmann.com
Tim Burchett TN House
https://www.burchettforcongress.com
Jane George TN House
https://janegeorgetn.com
John Rose TN House
https://johnrose.com 
Lore Bergman TN House
https://lorebergman.org/platform/
Andy Ogles TN House
https://andyogles.com
Mark Green TN House
https://markgreentn.com
Marjorie Taylor Greene GA House
https://www.mtgforamerica.com
Shawn Harris GA House
https://www.shawnforgeorgia.com
Don Davis NC House
https://votedondavis.com
Laurie Buckhout NC House
https://www.lauriebuckhoutforcongress.com
Gay Valimont FL House
https://gayforcongress.com